Add Aboumatar et al Retraction (#8)
danielskatz/errors-due-to-research-software: README.md

* The war over supercooled water, Ashley G. Smart, Physics Today, 2018, https://doi.org/10.1063/PT.6.1.20180822a
* Characterization of Leptazolines A–D, Polar Oxazolines from the Cyanobacterium Leptolyngbya sp., Reveals a Glitch with the “Willoughby–Hoye” Scripts for Calculating NMR Chemical Shifts, Jayanti Bhandari Neupane, Ram P. Neupane, Yuheng Luo, Wesley Y. Yoshida, Rui Sun, and Philip G. Williams, Organic Letters, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.orglett.9b03216
* Researchers find bug in Python script may have affected hundreds of studies, Sean Gallagher, Ars Technicha, 2019. https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2019/10/chemists-discover-cross-platform-python-scripts-not-so-cross-platform

> * Notice of Retraction. Aboumatar et al. Effect of a Program Combining Transitional Care and Long-term Self-management Support on Outcomes of Hospitalized Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial. JAMA. 2018;320(22):2335-2343. JAMA. 2019;322(14):1417–1418. [doi:10.1001/jama.2019.11954](https://doi.org/10.1001/jama.2019.11954)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Notice of Retraction. Aboumatar et al. Effect of a Program Combining Transitional Care and Long-term Self-management Support on Outcomes of Hospitalized Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial. JAMA. 2018;320(22):2335-2343, Hanan Aboumatar and Robert A. Wise, JAMA. 2019. https://doi.org/10.1001/jama.2019.11954
```
```suggestion
* Notice of Retraction. Aboumatar et al. Effect of a Program Combining Transitional Care and Long-term Self-management Support on Outcomes of Hospitalized Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial. JAMA. 2018;320(22):2335-2343. JAMA. 2019;322(14):1417–1418. [doi:10.1001/jama.2019.11954](https://doi.org/10.1001/jama.2019.11954)
```
